oh I am doing a haul today I picked up a
few things uh within the past week today
and um I want to say monday or tuesday
and i collected enough things that i
wanted to show you guys what I got kind
of talk about him a little bit so let's
go ahead and get started the first thing
I got another polish this one is
actually really really really similar to
SCS a cut above which is the hexagonal
chunky pink glitters um and I wanted to
get it but I didn't want to spend eight
bucks I know I talked to you guys in
another video saying how i do not like
spending that kind of money on a polish
all the time treating myself everyone
someone I was fine but just a little too
much money for right now so i went ahead
and found this at the exact same dupe
it's wet and wild and it was 99 cents
and it's not as hexagonal that i'm
terrible at this side it's not as
hexagonal as the I cut above and it's
not as chunky it's very fine but it's
the exact same color so I went ahead and
got this for 99 cent and I really really
like it so far so I got that today
earlier this week I got one of the color
tattoos I don't know if you guys heard
about them there basically paint pots
which drugstore brands have definitely
cut up or brought up their game stepped
it up a little bit because they're
coming out with products that are just
amazing and up to par with a high-end
more expensive makeup anyways I'm a fan
of Mac Paint Pots and this came out the
color tattoos 24 hour eyeshadow and I'm
using mine as a base it's Maybelline and
I wanted to check these out because i
love paint pots so it looks like this
and the exact same packaging almost
maybe a little bit chunkier and i got i
believe it's bold gold like this this is
such a pretty color i'm definitely into
gold and violet some stuff since it
brings out brown eyes but i can't watch
this for you because I just think you
have to see this they have
amazing colors there so I'm gonna
definitely go out and get more but right
now I just stuck with this right here
like I can you see that I really
gorgeous let it focus for a minute Gold
it's on my finger to like I said these
are perfect for basis so if you have a
place nearby that actually sells these
definitely invest in them i'ma have to
go back and get a couple more because
I'm really really pleased with this
product um same amount of product may be
a little bit less than the Mac Paint
Pots but i think i'm going to be using
this a lot so yeah there's that from
along with that i also picked up a
palette earlier on that i've been eyeing
for quite some time they have a couple
of different color sets palettes one you
know that was caught my attention was a
violet one however I own a lot of
violets and purples like I said so I
went ahead and did something with the
colors that I didn't have so I went
ahead and got this and it's the wet and
wild color icon eyeshadow collection
palette and these are amazing colors
they're really really pigmented and I
lift it up so you can see they're really
really pigmented really really pretty
colors I'm going to go ahead and wipe
off my hand and I will swatch these
colors on my hand for you guys to see so
liston on each of these colors it tells
you exactly where to put them which I
thought was really really cool and yeah
so we're going to starts watching with
this side first this my biting is
terrible i apologize guys is that side
very very pretty and like i said very
pigmented this it's like a it looks like
a brownish gold but when it goes on your
hand it actually is a really dark black
with gold reflex and brown reflex really
really pretty has a little bit of a
brownish hue to it the other ones you
know as you can see there's like a
golden brown that looks like wood linked
from mac and then a really really pretty
one that kind of reminds me of lean but
a little bit more
copper II and then of course the brow
light which is like any pearl color
right here now i'm going to go ahead and
swatch the other side so there's side
one and look when i rub them off there's
still that dark ones still on there so
that just goes to show you those really
good to stay with that so i'm gonna go
ahead and show you this side doo-doo-doo
don't mind the humming okay so this is
the other side a really really really
pretty green which kind of reminds me of
an olive e-gold mossy kind of color the
black is like a black also with gold
reflux but it's more reflective than the
other side that i swatched for you you
can see it more of a black than it is a
brown and then we have the golden wood
winked also color that is actually used
for highlights and then this color is
really awesome it looks exactly like a
pigment that came out from mac and it's
like a reddish plumage blue green hue to
it really gorgeous color I can't even
explain it anyways on here it looks
really insanely dark but when you swatch
it it's really not too bad it's got
multicolored multi colors in it so I
definitely think everyone should get
their hands on one of these they're
really really pretty and like I said
they're very pigmented so it's hard to
come off here's my other side of my
swatch and you can see a little bit of
it still left over so I look like I'm
bruised so I picked that up and i really
like it so far might have to go grab
another one and then lastly um I've been
eyeing these her almost two weeks now
and I didn't buy one because um I was
kind of waiting and then they had a buy
one get one fifty percent off I was like
holy crap I have to go get this since
I've been eyeing them anyways and
they're the dream blushes the bouncy
dream blushes and these are awesome like
I didn't realize how spongy and bouncy
they really will
her so i dented one of them and when I
went to go push it like I'm totally one
of those people that you know don't
touch and I touch or you touch keys like
I love that kind of stuff anyways I
ended up getting it and I got two colors
I got rose petal which looks like this
it's more of a quarterly pink not so
quarterly but soft this is the one i
dented in if you couldn't tell it's no
longer like a little bubble and then i
got a fresh pink which looks like this
it's a little bit darker still pretty
soft i'll show you up close so you can
kind of see the Pink's that i'm talking
about so this one is fresh pink and rose
petal i'll put them next to each other
she can kind of see comparison so far i
really really like these i've been using
the rose petal when is a little bit
lighter than this one but there's still
really pretty colors so if you have a
walgreens take advantage of the buy one
get fifty percent off because these are
amazing and that is my little hall just
five little things but five amazing
things like I said the drugstores or
drugstore brands maybelline um l'oreal
and a covergirl are stepping up their
games so that's my hall i hope you guys
enjoyed it and I'll see you soon bye